documentation/build.md, before:

# SpoolEase Build Guide

This guide provides step-by-step instructions for connecting the WT32-SC01-Plus board to a PN532 NFC module.

Once wiring is done, print the 3D Model of SpoolEase and fit the WT32-SC01-Plus into its location, the PN532 to its location with the Antenna facing outwards, use screws wherever required and close the case. Make sure that the wiring don't interfere with the NFC reception.

Build is done.

## Required Components

- [WT32-SC01 Plus](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/3256805864064800.html) (**make sure to pick the board and not accessories**)
- 7 wire cable with JST 1.25mm connector (I received one in the box together with WT32-SC01-Plus)
- [PN532 NFC reader module](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/3256806852006648.html) (**make sure to pick the module and not accessories**)
- [8-wire cable with JST 1.25mm connector](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005007079265201.html) - Optional but recommended in case of cable fault/soldering/different WT32-SC01 Plus packaging, instead of the 7-wire that's supposed to come with the WT32-SC01 Plus (**make sure to pick the 1.25mm connector size and 8 pins**)
- Soldering tools


## Connector Placement

The WT32-SC01-Plus has two connectors:

- A **7-pin** connector
- An **8-pin** connector

To ensure proper operation, insert the **7-wire cable into the 8-pin connector**, leaving one pin free. Align the cable so that it covers the first 7 pins, beginning from the pin marked with a **'+'** symbol.

## Wire Preparation

The provided 7-wire cable has connectors on both ends. However, since the PN532 module requires soldering, follow these steps:

1. Cut off one connector from the 7-wire cable.
2. Strip the insulation to expose the wire ends for soldering.

## Wiring Instructions

| Wire # | Color  | WT32-SC01-Plus Pin | PN532 Connection |
|--------|--------|--------------------|------------------|
| 1      | 🟥 **Red** | +                | VCC              |
| 2      | ⬛ **Black** | -                | GND              |
| 3      | 🟩 **Green** |                 | SS               |
| 4      | 🟨 **Yellow** |                 | MOSI             |
| 5      | 🟦 **Blue** |                 | MISO             |
| 6      | ⚪ **White** |                 | SCK              |
| 7      | 🟧 **Orange** |                 | IRQ              |

## Reference Image

Add the wiring diagram image here:

![WT32-SC01-Plus to PN532 Wiring Diagram](spoolease-wiring.png)

## Installing the Case

- Print the 3D model from [this link](https://makerworld.com/en/models/1138678).  
  - While printing, feel free to boost the model :smile:  
  - Optionally, glue the small pieces forming the antenna icon on the side, indicating where to place the tag. Ensure correct orientation before gluing, so check for fit first.
- Place the WT32-SC01-Plus and PN532 in the positions shown in the image below.  
  - Make sure the antenna faces outward from the case.  
  - There is a hidden slot on the opposite side of the visible slot where the other end of the PN532 module fits.  
  - Arrange the wires to avoid interfering with the PN532 antenna or the WT32-SC01-Plus board (to minimize Wi-Fi interference).  
  - Secure the WT32-SC01-Plus with M2x10 screws. If you don’t have them, the board remains stable without screws.  
- Carefully place the cover so the PN532 slides into the slots on the cover.
- Fit the USB cable into the slot of the WT32-SC01-Plus. Depending on the stiffness of your cable, it may be tricky due to the board design. If it’s difficult to connect while the board is in place, try connecting the cable before placing the board.  

![Components Placement inside Case](components-placement.jpg)

## Congratulations! You are Done With the Build

![SpoolEase Fully Built](build-complete.jpg)

Commit message:

add tips to build.md

documentation/build.md, after:

# SpoolEase Build Guide

This guide provides step-by-step instructions for connecting the WT32-SC01-Plus board to a PN532 NFC module.

Once wiring is done, print the 3D Model of SpoolEase and fit the WT32-SC01-Plus into its location, the PN532 to its location with the Antenna facing outwards, use screws wherever required and close the case. Make sure that the wiring don't interfere with the NFC reception.

Build is done.

## Required Components

- [WT32-SC01 Plus](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/3256805864064800.html) (**make sure to pick the board and not accessories**)
- 7 wire cable with JST 1.25mm connector (I received one in the box together with WT32-SC01-Plus)
- [PN532 NFC reader module](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/3256806852006648.html) (**make sure to pick the module and not accessories**)
- [8-wire cable with JST 1.25mm connector](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005007079265201.html) - Optional but recommended in case of cable fault/soldering/different WT32-SC01 Plus packaging, instead of the 7-wire that's supposed to come with the WT32-SC01 Plus (**make sure to pick the 1.25mm connector size and 8 pins**)
- Soldering tools


## Connector Placement

The WT32-SC01-Plus has two connectors:

- A **7-pin** connector
- An **8-pin** connector

To ensure proper operation, insert the **7-wire cable into the 8-pin connector**, leaving one pin free. Align the cable so that it covers the first 7 pins, beginning from the pin marked with a **'+'** symbol.

## Wire Preparation

The provided 7-wire cable has connectors on both ends. However, since the PN532 module requires soldering, follow these steps:

1. Cut off one connector from the 7-wire cable.
2. Strip the insulation to expose the wire ends for soldering.

## Wiring Instructions

| Wire # | Color  | WT32-SC01-Plus Pin | PN532 Connection |
|--------|--------|--------------------|------------------|
| 1      | 🟥 **Red** | +                | VCC              |
| 2      | ⬛ **Black** | -                | GND              |
| 3      | 🟩 **Green** |                 | SS               |
| 4      | 🟨 **Yellow** |                 | MOSI             |
| 5      | 🟦 **Blue** |                 | MISO             |
| 6      | ⚪ **White** |                 | SCK              |
| 7      | 🟧 **Orange** |                 | IRQ              |

## Tips/Recommendations

- Solder the wires to pass on the opposite side of the antenna to prevent interference with NFC reception. The antenna is the thick white line around the board.
- Keep the wires to the necessary length. Consider the required length to assemble everything (including the ability to remove the display with the PN532 inside), how to route them within the case to avoid interfering with the WiFi antenna, and other factors. Excessively long wires can cause electrical interference.

## Reference Image

Add the wiring diagram image here:

![WT32-SC01-Plus to PN532 Wiring Diagram](spoolease-wiring.png)

## Installing the Case

- Print the 3D model from [this link](https://makerworld.com/en/models/1138678).  
  - While printing, feel free to boost the model :smile:  
  - Optionally, glue the small pieces forming the antenna icon on the side, indicating where to place the tag. Ensure correct orientation before gluing, so check for fit first.
- Place the WT32-SC01-Plus and PN532 in the positions shown in the image below.  
  - Make sure the antenna faces outward from the case.  
  - There is a hidden slot on the opposite side of the visible slot where the other end of the PN532 module fits.  
  - Arrange the wires to avoid interfering with the PN532 antenna or the WT32-SC01-Plus board (to minimize Wi-Fi interference).  
  - Secure the WT32-SC01-Plus with M2x10 screws. If you don’t have them, the board remains stable without screws.  
- Carefully place the cover so the PN532 slides into the slots on the cover.
- Fit the USB cable into the slot of the WT32-SC01-Plus. Depending on the stiffness of your cable, it may be tricky due to the board design. If it’s difficult to connect while the board is in place, try connecting the cable before placing the board.  

![Components Placement inside Case](components-placement.jpg)

## Congratulations! You are Done With the Build

![SpoolEase Fully Built](build-complete.jpg)
